---
layout: post
title:  "活用影视英语"
date:   2022-03-08 09:25:26 +0800
categories: jekyll update
---

## 大局
He lost sight of the bigger picture.

## love
When I told you that I missed you, I didn't mean to make you feel pressured.

Maybe we were meant to be together.

I'm not complete without you.

I'm better off because I had you in my life.

A home is more than bricks and mortar, it's a feeling of belonging, love, hope for the future.

Whoever breaks her's in for a wide ride.

Maybe this thing between us is clouding my judgment.

### seperate
What if I can't be the person that you need?

It okay to miss someone we've lost.

Although I take joy in thee, I take no joy of this contract tonight. It's too rash, too unadvised, too sudden.
It can be hard to face that my time with someone is coming to an end. Some times it's easier to just send them away before it hits you, like Juliet's doing.

I'm unsure what happens next. But endings are necessary for growth. No matter how painful they may be.

### death
I felt the weight of her death.

I think I just know how to deal with separate now, so it doesn't affect me as mush as it once did.

Those days are past us now.

## hard
I've tried harder at this than I ever have at anything.

## hope/faith
You had more faith than I did.

We need to hope destinies 命运 can be rewritten.

Now you are here in the faint hope 一线希望 I can alter it.

The future isn't set. There is still hope.

## possibility
Sometimes, great possiblities are right in front of us, and we don't see them, because we choose not to.
He took a leap, and it changed his life for the better.

## 随缘
Allowing events to unfold naturally turned out in our favor.

I'm gonna stay just the same 维持现状

## 面对
We have to live with the choices we make.

You're just postponing the inevitable. 推迟了不可避免的事

It's time to grow up and face the music(现实)

Life is beautiful and terrible, all at the same time. But if we're only living part of it, then we're not living at all.

## perfect
My country is by no means perfect, but at least we are free to criticize out government, vote in fair elections, and love whom we choose.

Sometimes, we screw things up for the better.

Sometimes things get messed up for the better.

I can’t see my way to a clear, definite ending for this plan. How do I act on a plan when I fell this doubt.

## pain / darkness
Pain is a great motivator 动力

Haven't all students of history? Those who suffer heal. Everything destoryed get rebuilt. And our towers grow a little taller every time.

Pain and darkness, it's a part of me. I need it to fuel（推动） me, to push me to be a better person.

This darkness will pass.

Some wounds are so deep, they never truly heal.

I have given in to my demons.

My upbringing（成长经历） was only dysfunction. But dysfunction doesn't get to choose who you are.

I always try and mask my pain in front of beautiful women, 'cause I thing it makes me seem more masculine.

No one is responsible for the family they are born into. All that matters is who they decide to be, and you've decided to be brave and big-hearted.

## fear
Ignorance breeds fear. 无知会产生恐惧

The fear that's spreading 扩散 in this country like wildfire 星火燎原 isn't because the president lied. It's because she comes from some place different.

A leader who caves 屈服 to fear is no leader at all.

I know what it's like to be scared. All of us do. But then, then an opportunity can present itself and like a switch, your whole world changes. And you find clarity and focus, and strength like you've never known 你从未感知过的力量.
So what I need you to do is just look out for that opportunity and trust it.

No matter how much we believe in ourselves, that never goes away. Not fully. Even now, I think I'm not afraid of anything. And then, something new and ugly rears its head and chasesme right back down the rabbit hole. But once we catch ourselves we have to jump right back out there.

It's love, but it's also deep fear. That's the depth of love we have for the people we care about the most. But it's a problem when that love stops someone from going after what they want for themselves.

I'm not afraid of enything. I just finally feel like the world is good. And I so badly want it to stay that way, even if it's just for a little while.

I was afraid to make wave 起冲突

Fear can create monsters where none existed before.

Fear makes us do a lot of things that we shouldn't.

Courage is the mastery of fear, not the absence of it.

I forgot what fear felt like.

### complicate
All I can say is that part of my life is very complicated.

The world is a much more complicated place than I realize.

### patience / slow
Greatness takes time. If a string（绳子） is in a knot, patience will untie it.

In my experience, the answers usually tend to come in time.

Sometimes you just have to slow down to get back to where you want to be.

A seedling's（幼苗） wait is over!

I'm just wondering if going after it now is premature（为时过早）
+ go after：追逐；追赶；寻找。
+ chase：爱情意义上的追求

## religion
We are all children in the eyes of God!

It's like I've gota deeper connection to religion than I've ever had.

In the Bible, it says that God created the world and saw that it was good. That is what you see when you look from stillness without thought.

### silence / 
True intelligence operates silently. Stillness is where creativity and solutions to problems are found.

I just needed to clear my head.

That's not a decision that can be made lightly.

It's hard to concentrate in these intense（紧张） situations.

#### 改变与适应
Things have changed.

Fitting in is hard enough, so many people telling you what to do and what to wear.

I was just starting to warm up to this place.

It's just a lot to take in right now.

Obviously, this is going to be a time of adjustment.

## thank / appreciate
Thank you god for this food are about to receive and for the nourishment of out bodies, and bless the hands that prepare it.

I guess this could all be mine someday.

## look forawad
what's done is done. All we can do now is look forward.

Instead of assigning blame, let's try to figure out what we're gonna do next.

## 冥想
There's nothing like a 20-second meditation micre-sesh to Zen out.

## trust
You just spent too much time with my sisters to be trusted.

## magic
Everything powerful is dangerous.

Absolute power corrupts. Having the ability to rewrite your own reality, it's too much temptation for anyone.

Being yourself, that is a magic stronger than any wish.
Being truly okay with myself. Scars and all is how the right people truly found me.

I learn magic the hard way.

A magician never reveals his secrets.

## 坦诚
I think that it's great that everything's just out there, right out in the open.

## 短句
Duty calls. 职责所在

No boats on or off.

### 名言
Kill two birds with one stone, as it were 可以说是

Every time a door closes, a window opens.

Discovery requires experimentation

All powerful people have setbacks.

Usually, one person doesn't have the solution. But 100 people with 1% solution - That'll get it done.
Pieces solving a puzzle. 众人拾柴火焰高

The fuse was lit. 导火索已经引燃

## life
Life is a game of chance.（碰运气）

My hands are tied.（我无能为力）

Everything comes at a price.（世界没有免费的午餐）

The world is full of wonder.

Positive psychology can help you figure out where your true path is supposed to be.

## 纪录片
This astonishing new way of seeing the night offers a whole new understanding of lion family life.

To stay clam in intense situations, my only option is to abandon my desire.

She's right to persevere（坚持不懈）.
 
Hyenas（鬣狗） are close by. And they're not the only threat.

The lioness（母狮子，单数） can sense the dangers.

Moving closer, she picks up a scent（气味）.

Guides and spotters（探查员） worked around the clock.（不眠不休）

Using these cameras, for me has been a real revelation. It's allowing us to see stuff that we would never normally see.

In the first hours of darkness, not everything is hiding in the shadows.

Next to the waterfall, it's hard to make yourself heard.

Another day draws to a close across S.W.

Evening is falling in the world's greatest tropical wetland.

The coming days and nights test him more than ever before.

He'll need to summon the strength to defend his river.

They'll feed on the corpses（巢穴） in the darkness of their burrows（尸体） in one of nature's most sinister（险恶）, but magical midnight feasts.

## 知识点

### 否定句式
People don't become heroes because of circumstance 境遇 . They become heroes in spite of circumstance 无论境遇如何

Don't deny the animal, but don't let it control you either.

Don't go wasting that trying to keep everything under your control.

I don't Kara as well as I know Barry, but when things get tough, he doesn't slow down.

### boot/booty
We already have enough boots 人手 on the ground.

The ginger 生姜 root kicks the booty of the immune system 提高免疫力.

One of my superior capabilities 长处 is recovering from alcohol libations 奠酒 with remarkable speed 快速.

### charge
She's in charge 领导 of a place like this. She's in charge?

I'll give you a jump 充能 . Thanks for the charge 充电 .

Never charge 冲锋 without a plan.

No new charges 控告 . No new indictment 起诉书 .

### agent
Two of our agents have turned against us, against the very（表强调）thing that this agency stands for.

An agent of liberty. 自由的代表

### timing
I was waiting for some perfect moment which doesn't exist.

I want this, just, when the time is tight. 
But timing doesn't just happen.

I want to strike while the iron is hot.

### 保持低调
Just make sure they all lay low 保持低调 until the time comes.

I'll keep a low profile 保持低调.

### 汇报
I'd like an update 汇报 every hour.

A briefing on your current work, please. 请汇报一下你们目前的工作

### risk
Was I the only one crazy enough to risk my life for something unknown?

Exploring is clearly exhausting work. But I give it everything I'm got to keep my family safe in the risk.

There's no progress 进步 without risk.
Prople risk their lives for the things they believe in all the time. They enlist and goto war to protect their country. They become firefighters to save other people.

### I'm 句式
I'm not sure disarowal 否认 is the right move.

I'm sorry, but Thanksgiving 感恩节 for me is all about pumpkin 南瓜派.

I'm just not up for it. 我就是不太感兴趣

I'm sorry for your loss.

### It's 句式
It's such an honor to meet you.

It's not comfortable for me. But comfort is not my priority tight now.

It's quickly running out of food and water. There's nowhere for us to go.

It was fine because I made it fine.

It was more important for me to keep my vow of nonviolence.

It was awful, and I just keep playing it over and over again in my head.

## others
All I need is one loose strand and I'll unravel this mystery. 我只需要找到一个线头，就能揭开这层神秘的面纱

I can't ask you to do anything against your moral code 道德准则

When I was forced into the same position I did the same thing

Sometimes the ends do justify the means. 有时候只要目的正当，确实可以不择手段

Your sense of outrage is misplaced 你不该为这件事感到愤怒

How do you think we keep this country safe? Every soldier in every war has had to do things they considered awful.
Sometimes reality is messy and it's ugly and uncomfortable. And you end up doing things you thought you'd never do. 你最终就会做一些你认为永远不会做的事

I think that was more of a onetime thing. 偶发的事情

These flowers are from a Toomian whose lost family I found. 这些花是我之前帮助找到家人的突曼人送的

You left the DEO with the goal to change your life, and you have.

Have you ever considered putting your grief 悲痛 into tiny boxes?

You'd be impressed by what I can do with a glue gun 热熔胶枪

Now, I just have one other matter of importance to take care of, and once I do, I guarantee 投入 you 100% of my mind.

No matter the universe you and Alex, you'll find a way to have each other's backs 互相支持

You need to stop beating around the bush 拐弯抹角 . 
People like people who are direct 人们喜欢直接的人

The only reason I feel safe hanging up my cape 放心脱掉斗篷 for a while is because of you.

The universe is a complex piece of machinery 错综复杂的机体 and balance must be maintained 保持

When I said you should get out there and start dating, that isn't quite what I had in mind 我没想到会是这样的结果

I guess people only show you what they want you to see. And that's not always who they are.

I know something's going on with you. At Thanksgiving, you told different people different versions of your narcolepsy 嗜睡症 story, and none of them matched.

You contain greatness.

I saw men struggling 努力 to remain relevant 跟上时代 to provide for their family 养家糊口 . I saw human beings beging treated less than they deserve.

I don't offend easily.

There are hundreds of things that could have caused what happened on that operating table.

Bad luck doesn't make you a bad person. Bad choices do.

We need people like you to provide us with balance 平衡不同的立场.

We're heading 前进 towards 朝向 more honest 坦诚的 times 未来.

I didn't realize how deep it went 这事水这么深.

I got all the time in the world. 我一直都有时间

I assure you our communication difficulties are in the past 已成为过去.

There is a very difference between having something to say and hate speech in these leaflets 传播仇恨言论

I love you, and there is noline in the universe I would not cross to keep you safe.

Feel like we're on the verge 边界 of a civil war 内战 with the aliens.

Given 鉴于 how you disobeyed direct 直接 orders he thought you might need some oversight 监督 .

He and I had a one night stand 一夜情 a million years ago 很久以前.

The only way that we're gonna win this thing, is if I trust my instincts 直觉 and I trust yours.

I knew that Earth would face a short period 时期 of unrest while humans adjusted to their alien compatriots 同胞

I hope you will all do the same.

You chose to honor 尊重 a new path 新生活

How to always reach for the biggest gun. 达成最强有力的手段

We are all children in the eyes of god!

Next time I will keep a level head.

Everything is as it was.

Violence is the most basic human emotion and should only be a last resort 最后一招 should communication fail.

Lex was so hyper-focused on 心思全放在 Superman.

I had no idea your brother's history with Mercy went back this far 与Mercy有这么多的过往

She kind of took me under her wing. 可以说她对我很照顾

Among the scenes which are deeply impressed on my mind, none exceed in sublimity the primeval forests underfaced by the hand of man.

I'd like to work in the shadow.

My rank is too low to avoid interrupting, but high enough to mastering time.

My mother goes on 接着 to name 报出 five more shell companies owned by M.

The impact 影响 has been far-reaching and profound 意义深远的

There's a fresh wave of anti-alien sentiment 情感

Let him who desires peace prepare for war.

What we choose to wear tells a story about who we are. Whether you wear black and leather or pastels and silk, you're creating an inner version of yourself whether you realize it or not.

your face was a mask of enigma 费解的事物、谜团、英格玛密码机 as usual.

I've been fighting on the front line for a lont time now.

Those days are behind me. I made a vow 誓言 to live a peaceful life

Nick Fury gave me this badge. When he did, I swore an oath 宣誓 , we all did. To serve when everything else fails, to be humanity's last line of defence
